DOCS-6510 Changes (#16)
mulesoft/docs-functional-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/bat-execute-task.adoc

= Run a Test Suite
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Using the BAT CLI, you can execute one test at a time or all tests listed in the `bat.yaml` file for a test suite.

Reviewer: Again, I editing with translation and nonnative readers in mind....
```suggestion
Using the BAT CLI, you can execute tests in a test suite either individually or as a group using all tests listed in the `bat.yaml` file.
```

> == To Run Tests

Reviewer: You don't really need this subhead, because the topic intro mentions both cases and so does the following content.
If nec., you could tweak the container topic title to separately mention the tests and the suite.

> * To run all of the tests that are listed in the `bat.yaml` file for a test suite, run the `bat` command at the root level in your test-suite directory. Your `bat.yaml` file for the test suite must also be at the root level in this directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To run all of the tests in the `bat.yaml` file for a test suite, run the `bat` command at the root level in your test-suite directory. Your `bat.yaml` file for the test suite must also be at the root level in this directory.
```

> * To run a single test that is listed in the `bat.yaml` file for a test suite, run the command `bat ./folder/file.dwl` at the root level in your test-suite directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To run a single test in the `bat.yaml` file for a test suite, run the command `bat ./folder/file.dwl` at the root level in your test-suite directory:
```

+
`folder`:: Specify the path to the test file.
+
`file.dwl`:: Specify the name of the test file.
+
Your `bat.yaml` file for the test suite must also be at the root level in the test-suite directory.

== What To Do Next

> By default in the example test suite that you can generate with the `bat init` command, BAT generates an HTML report about the test results. The configuration of this report is in the `reporters` section on the `bat.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, in the example test suite that you can generate with the `bat init` command, BAT generates an HTML report about the test results. The configuration of this report is in the `reporters` section on the `bat.yaml` file:
```
You could significantly shorten a lot of texts like this one, assuming that your audience is following your narrative flow:
```suggestion
By default, BAT generates an HTML report about the test results. You configure this report in the `reporters` section of the `bat.yaml` file:
```

Reviewer: (I think that I might have missed editing for colons ending texts that introduce graphics; please check?)

+
.The default configuration of the HTML report
[source,yaml]
----
reporters:
    - type: HTML
      outFile: /tmp/HTML.html
----

> However, you receive reports of test failures from several supported applications. See xref:bat-reporting-task.adoc[Configure Reports of Test Failures].

Reviewer: Are we saying that test failures are or are not included in the report?
Should we clarify that you are notified of failures not just in this report but also in other ways?
